Gary:
Jon was my best friend.
I mean,
he brought us all together.
He helped me through cancer,
he guided our careers...
Action!
...and he showed us
how to live.
And then...
No!
...he was gone.
His loss made us question
everything.
It also made us stronger
than before.
But now
the biggest question is,
did we ever really know Jon
at all?
How much does he owe?
$18 million.
And it's what you owe.
Gary: The Jon that I knew --
the Jon that we all knew --
Stop defending him!
-We need to talk.
-No, Ashley, we don't.
I'm not the man
everyone thinks I am.
Let me just start
by saying I'm sorry.
Uh...
I abandoned you.
I know for a long time
I've owed you some answers.
Um...
But I realize,
as I'm doing this, that I --
there -- there's probably
nothing I can say
that can make this make sense.
Uh...
Except just...
I'm sorry, Barbara.
♪ Happiness hit her ♪
♪ Like a train on a track ♪
I thought the house
was paid off.
So did I.
♪ Coming towards her ♪
Looks like Jon
leveraged the house
against a larger
commercial loan.
♪ Stuck still, no turning back ♪
But I never signed anything.
Yes, you did.
Gary: No.
He had me sign things
all the time,
but I never questioned it.
Why hide this?
We'll figure this out.
♪ Run fast for your mother,
run fast for your father ♪
♪ Run for your children,
for your sisters and brothers ♪
♪ Leave all your love
and your longing behind ♪
♪ You can't carry it with you
if you want to survive ♪
♪ The dog days are over ♪
♪ The dog days are done ♪
Mom.
♪ Can you hear the horses? ♪
♪ 'Cause here they come ♪
Hey, Mom, are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm just catching
my breath.
Hey, maybe you shouldn't do
the 5K tomorrow.
I-I signed you up before
I even knew you were pregnant.
Miss your race?
No way.
Are you sure you're okay?
You've been acting
really weird lately.
I'm fine.
Go ahead,
I'll catch up with you.
Okay.
♪ Except everything you had ♪
♪ And what was left
after that, too, oh ♪
Mm.
I cannot believe you are just
eating that in front of me.
You said you didn't want one.
I didn't say I didn't
want one.
I said
I can't have one
because my taste buds
are shot
because of chemo
because of you.
So, just to recap,
you're mad at me because
I convinced you to live?
I am mad because
I can't have that doughnut.
Because of you.
You know,
I didn't give you cancer.
We don't know that for sure.
I like the new kicks.
Yeah, girl.
I know they make shoes
for trails,
but did they design those
just for linoleum?
No, I'm just breaking them in
before the 5K tomorrow.
I'm gonna help Team Dixon
kick some ass...
for mental health
and suicide prevention.
Okay.
That is very sweet,
but you can't eat a doughnut,
much less run a marathon.
It's not a marathon.
It is 3.1 European miles.
It doesn't matter.
You're already
running a marathon,
and I really, really
need you to win it.
Now, I got to bounce.
I got to go
pick up Delilah.
We're all gonna go meet
at Katherine's office
for moral support.
How's she doing?
The pregnant widow
who might lose her house?
I mean,
she's been better.
Okay, I need you
to do me a favor.
When you're on
your way over there?
Just quickly Google
"moral support."
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
We've got to be
missing something.
The Jon I knew would not
have left his family
like this -- no way.
It doesn't make
any sense.
Nothing about suicide
makes sense.
I'm gonna take this.
Stop.
Bye!
Hey, what's up?
Is Rome with you?
No, why?
Here's not here,
and he didn't leave a note,
and I'm kinda freaking out.
Do they have meds
for the spouses of people
who go off their meds?
I don't like it
any more than you do,
but you can't make
someone go back on their meds
if they don't want to.
Like you can't
make someone do chemo?
Have you been
talking to Gary?
Rome: Hey, hon.
Oh, he just walked in.
I'll call you later.
Babe. You can't just
leave like that.
I left a note
in the bathroom.
Who leaves a note
in the bathroom? Seriously.
Gina, you got to
stop worrying.
I've never felt better.
I'm taking care of myself,
I'm eating healthy,
I just cracked
my six minute mile.
And can we talk
about last night, huh?
'Cause based on the complaints
we're getting
from Mr. Maddox
in unit 3B...
...your boy is back.
Mmm.
I'm very back.
You've got to admit,
there's some advantages
to me being off my meds.
Hey, no.
Go get showered, okay.
We -- We're --
We're running late.
And Katherine has news,
and D wants us there.
I ran home for this?
Theo, seriously.
We have to leave.
I'm ready.
You're not wearing socks
or shoes or pants.
But I have my backpack
and Legos.
Come on. Close that up.
Oh, Dad's calling.
Let's go.
Hi, Dad!
Eddie: Hey, bud!
Theo...put...
your pants on, please.
Oh, man, I miss you.
Two weeks
feels like a lifetime.
Show me the bus!
Is there a TV?
"Is there a TV,"
you ask?
Yes, not only do
we have one TV --
one right there --
we have three, okay?
So this is
where we sleep --
I think I showed you
this last time --
and then there are two more TVs
in the back.
Check this out.
What's that?
That!
That is just Jared being...
a drummer.
Dude, please. Come on.
Jared: He's gotta
learn sometime.
We needed to leave,
like, five minutes ago.
Theo, socks.
Okay.
Hey, Katherine.
Pro-tip --
Uggs do not need
socks or laces.
Pro-tip -- Tell Jared
to use protection.
Whew. Pro-tip?
Don't go in there until
we leave Rhode Island.
We are so late. Okay?
He'll call you later.
Okay.
Bye.
-Bye, Dad!
Bye, bud.
Not judging --
Which means
you're judging...
...but your estranged
husband's ex-mistress?
That's who I gave up
my Saturday for?
You were just gonna spend the
day ghosting people on Grindr.
Oh, well,
now who's judging?
Hey, Ashley.
Hey.
Hey. Were you able to find
anything on Winthrop Holdings?
No. We used shell companies
all the time,
but I've never heard
of that one.
There's Delilah.
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Hey. Hi.
Hi.
Okay,
so...how bad is it?
Why don't we go to the
conference room and sit down?
What?
Katherine, just tell me.
Please.
Okay.
The good news is I was able to
get you a 60-day extension
on the foreclosure.
If we can get caught up
on the payments by then,
you won't lose the house.
Oh, thank God.
That's great. You can use
Jon's life-insurance money.
Yeah, that's coming
any day now, so...
It's not that simple.
The commercial loan
that Jon took out
was for some properties
he was underwater on.
How much does he owe?
-$18 million.
-Oh, geez.
And it's what you owe.
Gary: What?
Since Jon used your personal
assets to secure the loan,
once it defaults, they're gonna
come after everything,
including
Jon's life insurance.
I just need a minute.
-I can't believe this.
-$18 million.
-I don't even know what to say.
-No way.
-This doesn't make any sense.
-No. No, D, come on.
Come on. There's got to be
an explanation here, right?
This doesn't make any sense.
It doesn't make any sense.
Yeah? Maybe it
makes perfect sense.
'Cause this whole time,
I've been trying to figure out
why he did this, thinking
that I killed my husband,
that my secret is the reason
he did this,
when all along,
it was just -- it was him.
He lied, Gary.
He lied to me, to all of us,
then he couldn't live
with himself, so he just
left us with nothing,
not even a note.
I refuse to believe that,
okay?
The Jon that I knew,
the Jon that --
that we all knew --
would not have --
Will you stop defending him?!
Stop defending him!
Ever since you met him
on that elevator,
you've put him
on a pedestal.
Guess what? That Jon Dixon?
He doesn't exist.
Come on, D!
The man had a plan
for everything!
I'm done.
Please, stop.
Ah.
Just go.
Jon: Dale, I'm stepping
on the elevator,
okay, so you got
about 15 seconds
before this call is over.
Do we have a deal or not?
Good.
Send the paperwork over.
You know, I've used that, uh,
"stepping on an elevator" bit
I don't know how many times,
and this is the first time
I actually was.
Is this, in fact, your first
time on an elevator?
'Cause you haven't
picked a floor yet.
As a matter of fact,
it's not.
That's not good.
No, it isn't.
We get it.
You'd like to go to P1.
That's not happening.
Man: Hello?
Uh...
hey, we're stuck.
Could you please
un-stuck us?
Nope. Let's let Hugo Boss here
take the lead, please.
Let me take the lead.
Hi, my name's Jon Dixon, and the
only reason I'm on this elevator
is because your boss wants me
to buy this building.
Call me a stickler,
but I like my buildings
to have working elevators.
Please tell Dale
he has 20 minutes
to get us out of here or
the deal we just made is off.
Uh, right away, sir.
Nicely done.
Thanks.
And it's, uh, Armani.
Mervyn's.
Hey, bud, guess what...
since we're not
playing tonight,
I'm gonna sneak back for the
5K, so we can run it together.
That's awesome, but I'm pretty
fast, so try to keep up.
Yeah, I'll try to.
Are you
at Aunt Delilah's?
Yeah.
I've been hanging out
with Danny all week
while Mom helps Aunt Delilah
with her problem.
Her problem?
People think I'm reading,
but I'm also listening.
Dad? Dad?
Ah, bummer.
Hey, so...you want to tell me
about this problem?
Oh, hey.
Hey. I wanted to
give you this.
It's my allowance.
I want to sponsor you
for the race.
Oh, wow.
Thanks, Elliot.
It would have been $20,
but I got a Slurpee
on the way over, so...
Is that why
your lips are blue?
Totally.
So, um,
you wanna hang out?
Sure.
Oh...actually, I, um --
I-I have to help
make dinner.
I promised my mom,
and --
Okay, well, then...
Yeah.
...see you later.
Bye, Elliot.
Later, Danny!
Delilah: I think
we have a little bit of time
before we have to go
to the bank.
Uh, yeah, okay, so let's get
the documents together.
Hey, sweetie.
I'll get this stuff
in the office.
Why does a 7-year-old know
more about what's going on
in our family than I do?
What are you
talking about?
Theo told me about
your little problem
that Katherine's
helping you with.
Mom.
What is going on?
Sophie:
Are we gonna have to move?
I hope not.
Wait, so you...you didn't
know about any of this?
He didn't tell you?
No.
How could
he do this to us?
I'm sure he didn't mean
to hurt us.
He lied to you.
He lied to us.
Dad's not a lair!
Yeah. Yeah, that's
exactly what he was, Danny.
He pretended to be
this perfect guy,
all while hiding
who he really was inside.
I wanted to run
this race for my dad.
But I'm not gonna run a race
for someone I didn't even know.
I'm out.
Heads up?
Door's unlocked!
You know, the gesture
of you giving me this key
means a little less when me
or any local murderer
can just waltz in
and have --
♪ Gets you down ♪
♪ Well, I've been running on,
running on empty ♪
♪ Trying to break through
sometimes ♪
♪ Someone catch me,
I'm falling ♪
♪ I'm falling ♪
Hey.
Hi.
I just, uh,
walked through
your unlocked door...
Hmm.
...FYI.
Okay.
There may or may not be a serial
killer hiding in your closet.
But don't worry. He just wants
to try on your little baby shoes
and then kill you
for your skin.
Ah, well, he's in luck,
'cause I moisturize every day.
Are you okay?
How'd it go with D?
Believe it or not,
worse than your morning.
The situation is...
is not great.
You want to
talk about it?
I really don't.
I would, however,
love to know where you think
you're going because, unless
it's to get more lotion
for your freakishly soft skin --
I am going for a run.
Deal with it.
Maggie, you just
had 15 milligrams of chemo
pumped through your veins.
Do you really think going --
Gary.
Look, chemo can take my hair,
but it cannot take my running.
This is the one thing I have
left that makes me feel like me.
You're being --
Irrational?
Yeah.
Yes. I am.
I get that the odds of me
finishing this race
are just stacked
against me.
But right now,
I just need to believe in this.
Okay.
Let's do it.
Really?
Sure.
What changed?
I guess right now, I could use
something to believe in, too.
Rome:
So what are you saying?
I don't know.
Maybe we should just
liquidate the restaurant.
If the new subway stop
comes in,
we could probably sell
the lease for a profit.
What?!
Listen, you're not giving up
on the restaurant.
That is your dream.
But how are we gonna pay for it?
Look, I wasn't gonna
say anything,
but my commercial agent
reached out.
Word on the street
is they fired the director
for the car campaign
that I turned down.
Rome,
you just got off
your meds.
And while bedroom-me
is delighted --
You're welcome.
...outside-the-bedroom-me
is worried.
If you think I'm on edge now,
you taking a job
you called "soul-crushing" is
not gonna make me feel better.
I'm in a different place now,
Gina, and I never want
you to feel the way that
Delilah's feeling right now.
Neither do I.
Which is exactly why I don't
want you doing this.
What we need
is an investor.
No. Please, please don't --
Yep.
My mother.
Whoa.
Now you need to
be on medication
because she's a bitter pill
that you do not want to swallow.
She's not that bad.
The woman bought you
cooking lessons after
your last restaurant went under.
I can't believe
she did that.
You...
I...
Thank you for waiting,
but I'm sorry, Mrs. Dixon.
Since you aren't the owner
or officer of Winthrop Holdings,
I can't release the documents
that you've requested.
Unless you
want to call upstairs
and tell your boss
the loan defaulted
because you lost three weeks
to probate court,
it is in everyone's
best interest
you get my client
up to speed ASAP.
I...
Look, my husband used our assets
to secure this loan
without my approval.
And I'd ask him about it,
but he's dead.
I'll make a call.
Terri, I'm gonna need you
to pull some documents.
Hi.
I'd like to close out
this account
and withdraw
the remaining funds.
Rutledge. Alright.
Would you like the money wired,
or is a cashier's check okay?
Uh, cashier's check is fine.
Bank manager: Okay, thanks.
My assistant
is making copies
of the documents
that you've requested,
so...there's no need to
"call upstairs."
I'll get you some coffee
while you're waiting.
I promise, it's from today.
Alright, so the Rutledge account
is closed out.
Is there anything we could do
differently next time?
Uh, no, you were great.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Excuse me. Mrs. Dixon?
Oh, no.
Did you need
something else?
Mrs. Dixon.
You dropped your glove.
-No. Uh, no, thanks.
-Thank you.
How you doing,
you okay?
♪ When you feel the world
around you ♪
How are you doing?
I may have cancer,
but you seem out of shape.
No, I'm not out of shape.
♪ Spinning out of control ♪
Eh, well, the real test
is if you can carry on
a normal conversation
while running.
♪ You can find someone
around you ♪
Come at me, bro.
♪ To bring you out of the cold ♪
Uh, name five states
that begin with the letter A.
♪ But you don't ever
have to hide ♪
Arizona...
♪ What you really
feel inside ♪
...Alabama...
♪ So put 'em up ♪
...Asthma.
♪ Two high ♪
That does seem like
your current state.
♪ We can walk together
with our hands in the sky ♪
You know what? Go ahead.
I'll catch up.
Alright.
♪ So put 'em up ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ We can come together,
we won't give up ♪
Jon: Gary,
take a deep breath.
I'm breathing. It's fine.
I'm fine. It's fine.
You keep pacing like that,
you're gonna wear out the cable.
What?!
Is that a thing?!
It is if it'll make
you sit down.
Okay, alright, alright,
distraction.
Eddie, uh, if you could have
dinner with anyone,
living or dead,
who would it be?
Okay.
Mr. Sinicrope.
My music teacher
in high school.
He's the reason I started
playing guitar.
He believed in me.
I just, uh --
I just want to say thanks.
Blah!
Jon:
Save that for
the awards show, right?
Rome?
Lawrence Kasdan.
Great writer,
directs his own stuff.
That's what I want to do.
"Grand Canyon," you guys.
That's cool.
That's like literally
what I said.
No, literally it's not.
You didn't say
Lawrence Kasdan.
Okay,
who would you eat with?
I would have dinner
with the man
who has affected all of our
lives and doesn't even know it.
Sometimes you don't realize
the impact that someone has
on your life
until it's too late.
So I choose T. Rutledge.
Awesome. Who's that?
The guy who inspected
this stupid elevator --
or failed to -- is my pick.
Wait, I changed my mind.
I want to eat
with your music teacher.
Intimate dinner for two,
just me and Mr. Sinicrope.
How about you?
Who would you have dinner with?
Um...my wife and kids.
This is when we learn
that you killed 'em.
Mm.
No, I -- I, uh -- I don't get
home for dinner often enough.
Sometimes I --
I-I'll wonder if I'm making
the right choices...
but I'm just trying to
take care of them.
Maggie: Hey. Hey, you know
they expect you to run
the whole 5K at once,
right?
I'm ready.
Alright.
"K" -- What does
the "K" stand for?
"Kicking your ass,"
apparently.
Mm, this one.
So, I must say,
after my last visit, I was
surprised to get your call.
I thought you didn't want me
to invest in your restaurant.
I'm sorry.
I -- I know.
I...should not have lost
my temper like that.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
I know I come on strong
sometimes,
but I can't help it.
If you were a mother,
you'd real--
Mom.
If -- You'd realize
that I just want to be
involved in your life.
And I -- I know it doesn't
always come off like that,
but all I really want
is a fresh start.
Can we try that?
A fresh start?
Yeah.
That would be nice.
Mm.
I'm so excited you finally
are cooking your food.
I mean...not like
the last place.
Um...
What does that mean?
I just mean that
the old place was just stuffy --
deconstructed this
and rehydrated that.
You don't need gimmicks.
I know what you meant.
You meant that I should've
listened to you.
I mean, a-at what age
do I get to decide
who I am and what I am?
Let me ask you something.
Did you want me to invest,
or did you just...
need someone to invest?
Hmm?
Yeah. I thought so.
You say you want
a fresh start,
but how is that gonna happen
if you don't give me the chance?
I am going to go home.
Let me know if you decide
to give me that chance.
Sorry it took so long
at the bank.
Oh, it was totally worth it
just to see the look
on that guy's face.
He was terrified of you.
If his office had walls,
he'd be crying in it right now.
It's so late.
You and -- You and Theo
should just stay for dinner.
Sure.
Eddie.
Hey. Uh...
Katherine,
I left you a voicemail.
I came to surprise Theo
with a sleepover, but...
Sophie told me everything.
I am...so sorry.
D, why didn't you tell me
what was going on?
I just -- I, eh -- We --
We didn't want to worry you
while you were on tour.
Are you okay?
Hanging in there, in -- in...no
small part thanks to Katherine.
I should go.
Katherine.
Are you sure you don't want to
stay just for a quick dinner?
I'm good.
Theo, come on.
We're leaving.
Maggie:
What do you got there?
Well, it's race day...
Uh-huh.
...so I got you...
thermal underwear.
Oh.
Button fly.
That's right.
You spoil me.
I also made you a playlist
based on your personal
super-quick pace,
so I hope you like
Britney Spears and Arcade Fire.
Because rhythmically,
they're shockingly similar.
I love your support.
Race gear, playlist,
your need to believe
in something...
You want to talk about
what's really going on here?
Yeah, I'm your one-man
pit crew.
That's what's up.
No, this is called avoidance.
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
You're not gonna -- You're not
gonna therapize me, Dr. Bloom.
You cannot keep running
from this, Gary.
Running.
That's word play.
That's fantastic.
Gary, hey, stop.
Talk to me.
Okay.
Nobody believes in Jon
right now, except for me.
And I get it.
I-I get that, uh,
the facts on the ground
are looking pretty grim,
but in my gut, Maggie, uh,
in...in my heart...
You see, Jon believed in me
when I didn't believe in myself,
so...how can I possibly
turn on him now
when he needs me
the most?
Jon was everything
you thought he was.
He was strong,
he was loyal,
he was brilliant.
But he was also human...
like the rest of us.
You are not betraying him
by admitting that he is human.
Your hourly rate
must be very high.
It's outrageous.
What is it?
Uh, it's Delilah.
She says Sophie's
not doing the race.
Are you kidding me?!
That's the whole reason
we're doing this thing!
I've been training
for months.
Weeks.
A very intense 72 hours.
Hey, Carter. What's up?
I was going through those bank
statements like you asked.
There is something
you're gonna want to see.
Okay,
I'll be right there.
Hello.
My name is Gary...
and I'm going door to door
to apologize to everyone
for everything I have
ever said or done.
Is the lady of the house
at home?
You! Up!
Hey, you!
Yes, you!
What is this?
You seriously not gonna
run this race?
Look at me, I'm -- I'm wearing
compression pants for you.
Well, looking good,
but just 'cause I'm not running
it doesn't mean you guys can't.
Come on!
We're not doing it without you,
and I really want to go.
Look, I'm not gonna run the race
just 'cause some girl
you have a crush on
donated to our team.
Oh, something tells me
a certain Ella's gonna be there.
You know what?
Let's just forget it.
No. It's okay.
The thing is...
...Ella --
Ella isn't a girl.
Ella is Elliot.
Oh, sweetie.
I'm sorry I didn't
tell you earlier.
I just...I didn't want to
disappoint you.
Disappoint me?
Are you...
Are you kidding?
Listen to me, you have never
and will never disappoint me
for --
for being you, okay?
Okay.
I guess...I guess I was just
trying to be the person
you thought I was.
Maybe that's why Dad
kept things from us, too.
Because he was just trying to be
the person we thought he was.
Well, just when I thought I
couldn't be more proud of you.
Okay, we have to go
to the race now...
'cause I can't wait
to meet this Elliot.
Alright.
Let's go get changed.
Alright!
This is happening.
Okay.
We're here.
How are you feeling?
Oh, I'm rocking a B12 patch
under my gentleman's thermals,
and I got Britney in my pocket,
so I'm gonna crush this!
I am both scared
and turned on by you.
It's the gentleman's
thermals.
Oh, he's here.
Back from tour!
Ha ha!
One night only!
Hottest rock star this side
of the sign-in table...
Eddie Saville!
Aww, you have pico de gallo
on your vest.
Eat it.
It's like I never left.
Hey,
did you stretch yet?
Don't need to.
I'm 7. I'm pretty limber.
I got to teach you
about winning, Theo.
Hey, Gina, you want to come
stretch with us?
Look, the race is won
before it's even begun.
Hey...
How about next time
one of our friends...
goes $18 million
into debt,
one of you just --
just texts me.
You gonna write a check?
Is that what you're thinking?
I...am thinking about that day
we met in the elevator.
Yeah, you were terrified.
I was not terrified.
I have video footage
that says otherwise.
I was pretty terrified.
Yeah, you were.
You know, what sucks is Jon
was there for all of us
from the very beginning,
and it turns out he really
needed us, too...
and we weren't there
for him.
And here we are,
running this race
to try
and prevent suicide --
all I think is...we couldn't get
him over the finish line.
Thank you.
Woman:
You're welcome.
Delilah: Is the Elliot?
He's so cute.
So is Danny.
I'm talking about Danny.
Hey.
This 5K isn't for Dad.
Today's for us, okay?
'Cause...we're the ones
who are still here.
Hmm?
You ready, champ?
Yeah.
Elliot:
Good luck, Danny.
Man: Good afternoon, racers!
Get ready to take your places!
Remember, pace,
that's what we talked about.
Yep.
Pace ourselves.
Thank you, racers,
for supporting
the 5K for the 5 Signs.
Hey.
We want to thank
all our sponsors
for their tremendous support.
So...don't get mad.
Opposite effect.
Just reached out to my agent...
On your marks.
...and if I want it...
the car campaign's mine.
Get set!
What?!
We are not done
talking about this.
Gary: I said pace!
Maggie, wait for me! I thought
we were running together!
That's not slow and steady!
Okay! See you
at the finish line!
These are just
the Winthrop loan statements.
We've seen these.
Uh, look closely, Counselor.
Reduce that by half.
I'm sorry.
Look at the dates.
There have been six payments
made since Jon died.
But who's making them?
Exactly.
You think we can track
these deposits back
to their source account?
By "we," you mean me,
right?
I'm sorry.
My blood sugar's low.
Who plans a freaking 5K
in January?
I saw a guy back there
wearing a parka and shorts.
Hey. Hi.
Thank you.
-Water!
What, you gonna run away
from me again?
Gina...
No, listen.
No.
I love that you're willing
to make sacrifices for me,
okay, but you are not going
back to that job, Rome.
We are not
tempting fate here.
Then what are we gonna do?
What's the alternative, Gina?
I met with my mom
about being an investor.
No, you didn't.
I did.
Oh, how'd that go?
You know...?
It may have been the best
we ever got along.
Really?
Yeah, come on.
-All right.
-Water?
Yes!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Danny, you're unbelievable.
Yes!
I am so proud of me!
Do you want to do this
right here?
No way.
Not too bad.
My feet hurt so much.
Hi, you must be Elliot.
So happy to meet you.
Nice to meet you, too,
Mrs. Dixon.
Hey. I'm Sophie.
Victory...is ours!
Yes!
Thank God...'cause
my back is killing me.
-Buddy, high ten.
-One and done.
-Whoo-hoo!
-Yeah!
-One and done.
-Nice set of footprints for us.
Where's Maggie?
She was...
-Huh?
-...way ahead of us.
Regina: We thought
she was with you.
No, she wasn't with me.
-Does he see Maggie?
-No, he can't find her.
Maggie!
Oh, no...
-Hey, watch out, buddy.
-I know. I know.
-Wrong way, man.
-Hey, look out, man.
-Sorry.
-Yo. Wrong way, dude.
-Hey, yo. Hey, yo.
-Watch where you're going, man.
Turn it around.
Maggie!
Hey. Hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey.
Talk to me. You okay?
Yeah. Fine.
I'm fine. It's just...
I don't think
I can do this.
That's okay.
It's okay.
It's not okay!
I hate this.
It's not fair.
I hate that I'm weak,
I hate that I'm nauseous,
I hate that my body
won't do what I need it to do.
Will you look at me, please?
Hey.
You're strong.
You're powerful.
You're brilliant.
You're also human.
You're quoting me to me.
I sure am.
Well, at least
you were listening.
Still, it would've been
nice to finish.
You can still finish.
Yeah, let's do this.
I'm gonna smoke you.
Trash talk.
Yeah.
It's a force of habit.
Okay.
Oh, I'm losing
to hot nuts.
I used to dance
under the name Hot Nuts.
Yeah?
You make a lot of money?
Not as much as I did
when I danced
under the name Spicy Nuts.
Oh, I'm about to
get timed out.
Oh, no, you're not.
Let's go, Maggie.
-Hi, Maggie.
-We got this.
Hey, mama.
Hey, how's it going?
-Good.
-I need to tie my shoe.
Just give me a second.
It's a big foot.
What the hell you doing, buddy?
I just need to get Velcro shoes.
It would be much easier.
Ohh.
Ah, hey, man.
Oh, oh, this is a great rig.
What do you got
under the hood?
Uh, diesel? Bio-diesel?
We got you, girl.
You hear that?
They got you.
-Do we need more?
-Wait, so, how many do we have?
-Yes. I think we're good.
-Yeah.
-How many are on here?
-14.
Oh! I can see them!
Oh!
-Get into position!
-Oh, God!
-You can do it!
-Whoo!
-Yes!
Go, Margaret!
Oh, my God...
Oh, wow.
Ah, man. Okay.
Let's do --
Let's do a little...
Whoa, whoa, what is -- What,
we're mo-- We're doing a thing?
Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I dropped a hot pack.
Uh-oh.
Okay.
Okay, just take it easy.
Together: 5, 4, 3, 2, 1!
Yes!
Oh,
I'm so proud of you.
Thank you.
Oh, thank you.
-Thank you.
Nice race.
Well played.
Hey, Mom, it's me.
You were right.
Maybe it's time
for a fresh start.
Give me a call whenever
you get this and we'll...
we'll chat.
Thank you for getting me
across the finish line.
But when I am better,
I'm going to destroy you.
More trash talk?
Yes.
You are a little beast.
Katherine.
What's going on?
Katherine:
Someone's been making payments
to Jon's loan since he died.
I traced the money back
to the source account.
You won't believe
who authorized the transfers.
Ashley?
Are you sure about that?
I'm looking
at the account right now.
Rutledge Trust.
The signatory --
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
What did you say?
Jon: You know,
if we survive this,
we should all go in
on Bruins season tickets.
I'm in.
Alright.
Gary?
It's never gonna happen,
but sure.
Oh, of course,
if we don't survive this,
then somebody needs to
tell this Rutledge guy
to take care of my family.
Gary, are you there?
Does Rutledge
mean something to you?
Yeah, uh, ever since
that day in the elevator,
we always joked
that if something happened
to one of us...
Rutledge --
It was a term we came up
with -- a-a shorthand.
For what?
Take care of my family.
I know where she is.
I'll text you the address.
That's the one.
That's the apartment.
You've been here?
I've been
to a lot of places.
♪ There's whiskey in the water ♪
Ashley!
♪ And there is death
upon the vine ♪
♪ There is fear in the eyes
of your father ♪
♪ And there is yours
and there is mine ♪
♪ There is a desert
veiled in pavement ♪
I heard a noise,
and I was hoping
Jonny was back in town.
♪ And there's a city
of seven hills ♪
I haven't seen him
in weeks.
♪ All our debris flows
to the ocean ♪
Alright, now what?
♪ To meet again,
I hope it will ♪
We got to find her.
Yeah.
♪ How could something ♪
♪ So fair ♪
♪ Be so cruel ♪
♪ When this ♪
♪ Black sun ♪
♪ Revolved ♪
♪ Around you ♪
We need to talk.
No, Ashley, we don't.
You owe this to him!
♪ There is an answer
in a question ♪
♪ And there is hope
within despair ♪